Reorg of ECS Content (#8436)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/amazon_ecs/data_collected.md

---
title: Amazon ECS Data Collection
kind: documentation
further_reading:
- link: "/agent/amazon_ecs/logs/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Collect your application logs"
- link: "/agent/amazon_ecs/apm/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Collect your application traces"
- link: "/agent/amazon_ecs/metrics/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Collect ECS metrics"
---

## Data collected

### Metrics

> See [metadata.csv][1] for a list of metrics provided by this integration.

Reviewer: this is actually the metrics from the AWS Web integration. @clamoriniere can you remind me where are the ECS + EC2 specific metrics documented (those that we are getting from the task metadata endpoint)?

Author: Updated this within [Kari's PR](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/8511)

> Each of the metrics retrieved from AWS is assigned the same tags that appear in the AWS console, including but not limited to host name, security-groups, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Each of the metrics retrieved from AWS is assigned the same tags that appear in the AWS console, including but not limited to hostname, security-groups, and more.
```

> **Note**: Metrics prefixed with `ecs.containerinsights.*` come from the [AWS CloudWatch agent][2].

Reviewer: this should be removed too (part of the web integration)

### Events

> To reduce noise, the Amazon ECS integration is automatically set up to include only events that contain the following words: `drain`, `error`, `fail`, `insufficient memory`, `pending`, `reboot`, `terminate`. See example events below:

Reviewer: I believe that this is web integration too

Author: Is there someone we can verify this with? It says `Amazon ECS integration` in the pretext, so I want to verify if we should keep / remove.

Reviewer: That would be @jimmycaputo the PM for AWS integrations. We should make sure that the anything we remove from the Agent doc for ECS is still available on the integration page for the web integration

Reviewer 3: I'm not sure I understand the question. Can one of you clarify?

Author: @jimmycaputo - we're looking to clarify whether this is specific to the AWS Web integration, and whether it should be documented within the Amazon ECS docs.

Author: Likewise with the above 2 comments. It looks like the metadata.csv is pulling in the AWS Integration metrics.

> To reduce noise, the Amazon ECS integration is automatically whitelisted to include only events that contain the following words: `drain`, `error`, `fail`, `insufficient memory`, `pending`, `reboot`, `terminate`. See example events below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To reduce noise, the Amazon ECS integration is automatically set up to include only events that contain the following words: `drain`, `error`, `fail`, `insufficient memory`, `pending`, `reboot`, `terminate`. See example events below:
```

{{< img src="integrations/amazon_ecs/aws_ecs_events.png" alt="AWS ECS Events" >}}

> To remove the whitelist and receive all events from your Datadog Amazon ECS integration, reach out to [Datadog support][3].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To remove the preset list and receive all events from your Datadog Amazon ECS integration, reach out to [Datadog support][3].
```

this should also be added to https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/TS/pages/328404964/The+Public+Docs+say+Contact+Support
